# User Stories

## Sally 

Sally has been meaning to start exercising for a while. She finds it intimidating, and whenever she has created new year's resolutions to start, they always fail within a month or so. She doesn't find increasing her performance to be motivating, as they're just numbers that nobody really cares about. Sally wishes that performance numbers would be as fun to increase as her candy crush stage. One of her friends recommended her to try rpGym, which gamifies exercise by making your avatar stronger as you grow stronger, and rewards you for exercising. Sally's friend is more experienced, and she shows her how to do basic exercises that she can log to create her character. She is given the beginner avatar, but her friend reassures her that she was also a beginner once. Sally joins her friends team, who all have intermediate-advanced characters. Sally feels pressured to train hard to not let her team hard and to compensate for her characters low attack damage, which quickly brings her to novice-intermediate strength levels. Sally feels happy that her hard work and progress is rewarded in a satisfying way, and that her effort not only helped her, but her team, who have praised her hard work.

## Brent 

Brent is an introvert, and doesn't have many friends that exercise. He wants to get more motivated to exercise, and has seen posts online about a game called "rgGym". The game seemed enticing, as you grow your character as you do, and fight tougher monsters. Unfortunately, you need a team of at least two people to play as it is a collaborative game. Luckily, the developers lets you join a random public team. Although Brent only talks to this team through text chat, he feels a lot of obligation to not let them down, especially when the time to defeat the monster is ending, as missing a workout could mean not progressing. Brent started as a novice, who has some experience with exercises, and likes that the app has a large database of different exercises that he could track. He wishes that he could track his workouts with the app and not just log his records, but that feature might come later.  Brent wishes that there were more advanced searches for exercises, such as by muscle group, but this might be added later.
## Jane

Jane is an intermediate/advanced lifter, and has been trying to get her friend John to exercise for a while. John is a nice person, but lazy, and Jane is worried about John's health. John is a gamer, who doesn't do much outside of work than play games. Jane has tried to compare exercise to a fantasy game, giving examples such as leg strength stats that level after doing leg work, or strength potions that make you temporarily stronger before leveling (coffee). John has entertained the idea but not been motivated. Jane discovered rpGym, which gamifies training sort of as Jane imagines it: you train which lets you attack the enemy, and get stronger which levels your stats.
Jane gets John to install the app, and after John and Jane form a team, John sees that Jane cannot defeat level 4 without his help. Feeling obligation, John joins Jane for exercise. It goes poorly for John, he has no idea what to do, and Jane has to help him with his technique. He feels self-conscious, and when he checks his strength levels, he is ranked as a beginner, and weaker than 95% of males his weight. He feels very discouraged, but Jane tells John to log his workout, after which is beginner character deals the final blows to the monster Jane has been stuck on. John feels instant gratification (exercising sucked but I put in work and helped my friend on her level). John decides to join Jane again as he wants the gratification of dealing damage, and slowly, he feels more comfortable, and eventually he is classed as an intermediate. Jane and John start having friendly competitions over who can unlock the new advanced level skin first, and deal the most damage each week, but the competition doesn't become toxic as they are working towards the same goal.

## Chad

Chad is an advanced lifter. He has competed in official powerlifting meets, and he is very outgoing and thus makes a lot of friends at his gym. He is slowly starting to lose interest, as it is hard for him to make progress at his stage, and he is mostly just maintaining his progress. He was recommended to join rpGym by his friends, as they want Chad's strength to help carry their team. Their small team blazes through the early enemies thanks to Chad and the efforts of other users. Chad also recommends his friends to join, as there are competitions between teams, and Chad wants to compete with his friends. As the enemies keep getting harder, their team fails to defeat their weekly enemy for the first time. Chad checks the leaderboard, and notices that he isn't dealing much damage as he is not training much. For the first time in a while, he ups his training, which multiplies his damage and they again blaze past enemies. Chad also starts making progress in exercises that he thought he had maxed out, and starts experimenting with new exercises and training to get his damage even higher. He is also motivated by being the top team among his friends, and will obsessively check that he is still the top. He wishes that the app would let you filter and compare different locations and gyms, as he is confident that his team would be the best in his gym, if not the city. He hopes that this will be added later on.
